---
description: >-
  This tutorial will guide you through all the necessary steps to install the
  base game.
---

# ① Installing the base game

{% hint style="warning" %}
Don't forget to check out the [System Requirements](1.-installing-base-game.md#system-requirements) before heading to download or install the game.
{% endhint %}

## Procedures

1. Download <mark style="color:blue;">Setup.rar</mark> from [Downloads](1.-installing-base-game.md#downloads) -> Primary Sources.
2. Create a new folder on your desktop.
3. Open <mark style="color:blue;">Setup.rar</mark> with a [file archiver](#user-content-fn-1)[^1].
4. Drag and drop all the items from <mark style="color:blue;">Setup.rar</mark> into the new folder.
5. Look for [<mark style="color:blue;">setup.exe</mark>](#user-content-fn-2)[^2] in the folder. Double-click to run the installer.
6. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
7. Follow the wizard instructions to complete the installation. Some of the important remarks are provided [here](1.-installing-base-game.md#wizard-remarks).
8. When the installation completes, uncheck the option <mark style="color:blue;">View the README file</mark> and finish the wizard. [**DO NOT** launch the game](#user-content-fn-3)[^3].
9. Proceed to [patch the game to v1.51](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md). [**DO NOT** try to omit this step](#user-content-fn-4)[^4].

## Downloads

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Primary Sources" %}
**Battlefield 2142 Standard Edition v1.01**

The setup provided in this section is extracted directly from a <mark style="color:blue;">Standard Edition</mark> retail disc published by EA Taiwan back in 2005. It contains the following locales:

English, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Russian

{% hint style="danger" %}
GetBF2142 is not redistributing the game. We are only grouping resources on the internet in one place.
{% endhint %}

Since this setup only holds an early version (i.e.,`v1.01`) of the game, you [**must**](#user-content-fn-5)[^5] follow the instructions on the next page right after finishing all the steps on this page to have the game correctly patched to the latest version  (i.e.,`v1.51`).

**If you are new to the modding process, we suggest always sticking to the primary sources as they are the main references we use throughout our tutorials.**

If you have concerns about the sources we provide, try installing an AntiVirus in advance or downloading the base game from sources that you trust. It is very important that you feel comfortable with what you are doing here.

Note that this is not really a legit way to download the game. However, this is becoming the only option left to get the game nowadays apart from buying a second-hand copy from Amazon that doesn't allow you to log in anymore.

{% hint style="success" %}
We would greatly appreciate your support by considering an upvote[^6] for this page.
{% endhint %}

**Setup.rar (Google Drive, 3.2 GB)**

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gDA9OtbxGK2aYDBltoDZ-id0Ta6LtjHQ/view?usp=sharing" %}
Source: [GetBF2142](https://docs.getbf2142.net/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[MIRROR] Setup.rar (Mediafire, 3.2 GB)**

{% embed url="https://mediafire.com/file/g6xhktutdtnpgs3/Setup.rar/file" %}
Source: [GetBF2142](https://docs.getbf2142.net/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**\[MIRROR] Setup.rar (Mediafire, 3.2 GB)**

{% embed url="https://www.mediafire.com/file/1eugw0jb8tr93e3/Battlefield_2142_Setup.rar/file" %}
Source: [BF2142 Reworked](https://mozziefiles.wixsite.com/bf2142) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Alternative Sources" %}
**Battlefield 2142 Deluxe Edition v1.51**

The setup provided in this section are by default patched to the latest version. However, these files have not been thoroughly tested by us, so use them at your own risk.

{% hint style="danger" %}
GetBF2142 is not redistributing the game. We are only grouping resources on the internet in one place.
{% endhint %}

If you choose to download the game from the following links, you may skip the part about [patching the game](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md) to `v1.51`. However, the serial keys listed in the remarks section that follows are for <mark style="color:blue;">Standard Edition</mark> only, and will not work properly for the <mark style="color:blue;">Deluxe Edition</mark> setup here.

**If you are new to the modding process, we suggest always sticking to the primary sources as they are the main references we use throughout our tutorials.**

If you have concerns about the sources we provide, try installing an AntiVirus in advance or downloading the base game from sources that you trust. It is very important that you feel comfortable with what you are doing here.

Note that this is not really a legit way to download the game. However, this is becoming the only option left to get the game nowadays apart from buying a second-hand copy from Amazon that doesn't allow you to log in anymore.

**BF2142\_Novgames.zip (Yandex, 2.4 GB)**

{% embed url="https://disk.yandex.ru/d/XY7LR48r7yNbYQ" %}
Source: [NovGames](https://novgames.ru/) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}

**2142nov.rar (Google Drive, 4.9 GB)**

Unzip Password: bettercallsaul

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aL8mFnq3Dv_BXzto0RvmSzf39kUeb1nW/view?usp=sharing" %}
Source: [MatcatClan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDnFptN99kY) \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Amazon" %}
**Battlefield 2142 Deluxe Edition Retail DVD**

The only way to obtain the game "legitimately" is to buy a second-hand retail DVD.

A used copy usually means the product key is already activated or expired.

For that very reason, we do not really encourage buying a second-hand copy, especially after the game's termination in 2014.

But you can still buy one if you want to at least show some support to the seller, or simply because of nostalgia.&#x20;

Nostalgia is a good reason though. Many of us do have a physical copy just because we love the game very much. Some of us even got the disc as early as in 2005.

As we always say, we are real Battlefield lovers, and that's why we made this website.

{% embed url="https://www.amazon.com/Battlefield-2142-Deluxe-PC/dp/B000YJ3TR8" %}
Source: Amazon.com \[Last Checked: 05/24]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Wizard Remarks

1. If you see the prompt <mark style="color:blue;">選擇安裝語言</mark> (English: Select installer language) -> <mark style="color:blue;">從下列選項中選擇安裝語言</mark> (English: Select a language from the list), refer to the following cross-reference list to select your preferred language.
   * 中文 (繁體) -> Chinese (Traditional)
   * 丹麥語 -> Danish
   * 日語 -> Japanese
   * 西班牙語 -> Spanish
   * 法語 (標準) -> French (Standard)
   * 波蘭語 -> Polish
   * 芬蘭語 -> Finnish
   * 俄語 -> Russian
   * <mark style="color:blue;">英語 -> English</mark>
   * 捷克語 -> Czech
   * 荷蘭語 -> Dutch
   * 瑞典語 -> Swedish
   * 意大利語 -> Italiano
   * 德語 -> German
2. If you see the popup <mark style="color:blue;">This game has only been tested on WinXP(32bit)</mark>, click <mark style="color:blue;">Confirm</mark> to safely ignore this warning as the game works perfectly fine on [most Windows platforms](#user-content-fn-7)[^7].
3. When you are asked to provide the serial code, simply pick one of the [<mark style="color:blue;">Standard Edition</mark>](#user-content-fn-8)[^8] keys below to pass through the prompt. More keys are available [here](https://mozziefiles.wixsite.com/bf2142).
   * SDV5-JZDE-L6B8-P2Q4-1911
   * SVMV-LBNV-W7W5-J3X4-1911
   * E6HH-DWUG-U8X1-R8F0-1911
   * UTFP-4DMN-D2U0-X3T3-1911​
   * TRCL-YBIJ-D4H4-Y3O5-1911
4. You are strongly advised to install the game to the [default path](#user-content-fn-9)[^9] but it is also fine to install it to other location.
5. You are strongly advised to install the <mark style="color:blue;">English</mark> version of the game to take advantage of the <mark style="color:blue;">HD English fonts</mark> provided by the Project Remaster mod.
6. BattleCammo is a VoIP service that allows you to voice chat in-game. Believe it or not, [you won't be using it that much](#user-content-fn-10)[^10]. You can simply skip configuring it by clicking the <mark style="color:blue;">Cancel</mark> button.
7. GameSpy Comrade is a community gaming application providing functions like friends, stats, and instant messaging. Unfortunately, it no longer works due to GameSpy's termination of service in June 2014. Select the <mark style="color:blue;">No, install GameSpy Comrade later</mark> option to skip installing it.
8. EA Master Server no longer exists due to GameSpy's termination of service in June 2014. Click <mark style="color:blue;">REGISTER LATER</mark> to skip registering an EA account.

## System Requirements

{% hint style="warning" %}
Most modern laptops or desktops [should be able to run this game smoothly](#user-content-fn-11)[^11].
{% endhint %}

OS: Windows XP or above, Administrator Access

CPU: 1.7 GHz Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon XP / Sempron or above

RAM: 512 MB or above

Disk Space: 2.2GB or above

[Display Card](#user-content-fn-12)[^12]: ATI Radeon 9500 / NVIDIA GeForce FX 5700 or above

Resolution: 800 x 600 16 bits colour or above

[^1]: e.g., WinRAR, 7zip, WinZip, File Explorer (Win 11)

[^2]: The correct installer is <mark style="color:blue;">setup.exe</mark>, not <mark style="color:blue;">Autorun.exe</mark>. If you use the wrong installer, you won't be able to install the game since it will keep asking you to insert the game disc to proceed.

[^3]: Since the game isn't patched to the latest version, if you try to launch the game, it will ask you to insert the game disc. Details as to why this is happening will be discussed [here](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md).

[^4]: If you skip patching the game to the latest version, you won't be able to launch the game as it will keep asking you to insert the game disc. Details as to why this is happening will be discussed [here](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md).

[^5]: If you skip patching the game to the latest version, you won't be able to launch the game as it will keep asking you to insert the game disc. Details as to why this is happening will be discussed [here](2.-installing-v1.51-patch.md).

[^6]: You can find the upvote button on the right sidebar of this page.

[^7]: Anything Windows XP or above should be fine. The game has been tested on Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Windows 11.

[^8]: Note that these keys are only applicable to the <mark style="color:blue;">Standard Edition</mark> setup provided in [Downloads](1.-installing-base-game.md#downloads) -> Primary Sources.

[^9]: i.e., <mark style="color:blue;">C:\Program Files (x86)\Electronic Arts\Battlefield 2142</mark>

[^10]: You have something called Discord anyway.

[^11]: Any laptops or desktops that is able run Windows 7 or above, Office 2013 or above smoothly can run this game perfectly well.

[^12]: Graphics card is not something mandatory for this game. Intel Integrated Graphics should already be sufficient to run the game acceptably well.
