---
description: This tutorial will guide you through 3 different ways to host a server.
---

# 10. Hosting Servers

In this tutorial, you will learn how to host a simple server just by using the game itself.&#x20;

This is simply the easiest way ever to host a server that fits most of your needs. That's why we named it <mark style="color:blue;">Quick Setup</mark>! It's easy to do and easy to understand!

{% hint style="warning" %}
* Port forwarding is only required for WAN servers. It's optional for LAN servers.
* Players do not need to do port forwarding. Only servers need to do that.​
* The server becomes a modded server if the server hoster launched the game with a mod.
{% endhint %}

However, there are always some bad things behind something that is quick and easy to set up:

* There are fewer game settings available for you to configure.
* The one who hosts the server has to be playing on the server as well! \
  In other words, he or she is playing while hosting. If he or she closes the game, the server will be off.

​That's why for a production server, it's best to host it with a server client, i.e. hosting a dedicated server. But this quick setup method should already be sufficient if you just want to play with your friends

<details>

<summary>My port forwarding is not working!?</summary>

If you believe that you have correctly configured port forwarding, then you may check whether your ISP uses CGNAT.

</details>

## Hosting a Local Server \[LAN]

A local server is a game server that can be accessed within a LAN network. The server will appear on the local server browser once it's up.&#x20;

This option is suitable for hosting a game within your house, i.e. playing with your family.

1. Log in to the game.
2. Click <mark style="color:blue;">MULTIPLAY</mark>.
3. Click <mark style="color:blue;">LOCAL</mark>.
4. In the <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark> tab, configure the server settings and click <mark style="color:blue;">START SERVER</mark>.
5. You will be able to see your server's local IP address on the loading screen once the server is launched.

## Hosting a Private Server \[WAN]

A private WAN server is a game server that does not appear on the online server browser but is accessible over the Internet if you know its public IP address.&#x20;

This option is very suitable for hosting a game with your friends if you don't want to be disturbed.

1. Forward the following ports (i.e., Port Forwarding / NAT Virtual Server) to your server's local IP address in your home router's control panel:\
   `29900 - 29900 UDP or Both`\
   `17567 - 17567 Both​`
2. Go to [https://www.whatismyip.com/](https://www.whatismyip.com/) to view your public IP address. Tell the IP address to your friends.
3. Log in to the game.
4. Click <mark style="color:blue;">MULTIPLAY</mark>.
5. Click <mark style="color:blue;">LOCAL</mark>.
6. In the <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark> tab, configure the server settings and click <mark style="color:blue;">START SERVER</mark>.

​LAN players can still join your server using your local IP address (such as your family members) while WAN players (such as your friends in another area) can join your server using your public IP address. This only works if you have properly port forwarded the required ports.​​

## Hosting a Public Server \[WAN]

​A public server is a game server that appears on the online server browser and is accessible through the Internet.&#x20;

That's why it's called a public server because you're allowing random people around the world to join your game.

1. Forward the following ports (i.e. port forwarding) to your server's local IP address in your wireless router control panel:\
   `29900 - 29900 UDP or Both`\
   `17567 - 17567 Both​`
2. Use file explorer to navigate to <mark style="color:blue;">C:\Users\xxxxx\Documents\Battlefield 2142\Profiles</mark>.
3. Open <mark style="color:blue;">Global.con</mark> using a text editor.&#x20;
4. Look for the line that begins with <mark style="color:blue;">GlobalSettings.setDefaultUser</mark>. \
   If its value is <mark style="color:blue;">0001</mark>, open the folder <mark style="color:blue;">0001</mark>.
5. In the folder, open <mark style="color:blue;">ServerSettings.con</mark> using a text editor.
6. Look for the line <mark style="color:blue;">GameServerSettings.setInternet 0</mark>. Change <mark style="color:blue;">0</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">1</mark>. Save the file. \[<mark style="color:red;">See Step 6 Info</mark>]
7. Go to [https://www.whatismyip.com/](https://www.whatismyip.com/) to view your public IP address. Tell the IP address to your friends.
8. Log in to the game.
9. Click <mark style="color:blue;">MULTIPLAY</mark>.
10. Click <mark style="color:blue;">LOCAL</mark>.
11. In the <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark> tab, configure the server settings and click <mark style="color:blue;">START SERVER</mark>.
12. Now your server should show up in the online server browser.

**Step 6:** This tells OpenSpy to show your server on the server browser. `1` for Internet, `0` for LAN.

To check whether your setup is correct, you may press the <mark style="color:blue;">Esc</mark> button in-game and go to the server browser. Your server should show up there.&#x20;

Your server name will be highlighted in red colour in the browser if you haven't done proper port forwarding while having the internet option on. If that's the case, you can see still see your server on the list, but other players won't be able to join.

​LAN players can still join your server using your local IP address (such as your family members) while WAN players (such as your friends in another area) can join your server using your public IP address. This only works if you have properly port forwarded the required ports.​​
