---
description: This tutorial will guide you through the steps to install v1.51 patch.
---

# 2. Installing v1.51 Patch

It's necessary to patch the game to version `v1.51` because:

* It officially removes DRM.
* It adds Northern Strike (expansion pack) content to the game.
* It contains various bug fixes and additional features.
* It's the required version for many existing servers (e.g., OpenSpy / NovGames) and mods (e.g., Project Remaster).

{% hint style="info" %}
**What is DRM?**

DRM is a kind of anti-piracy measure. When the game was first released in 2005, players had to launch the game with their game discs in order to verify their premium identity and play online.
{% endhint %}

What's special about this installer is that it will completely update your game to `v1.51` (i.e., the final version of the game) regardless of the game version or edition that is installed on your system.

In simpler words, this installer is able to patch your game directly to `v1.51` , regardless of whether your game is at `v1.00`, `v1.01` or `v1.50`, or whether you have the Standard Edition or the Deluxe Edition installed.&#x20;

This is in contrast with the official updater, which can only be applied incrementally, or to be exact, version by version (i.e., `v1.00` / `v1.01` -> `v1.50` -> `v1.51`). By abstracting those intermediate steps, this new installer really makes updating the game to the latest version much more user-friendly and straightforward.

## Procedures

{% hint style="warning" %}
You may skip this step if your game is already at`v1.51`, i.e., the final version. If you are unsure about your game's version, simply launch the game and you will see the version string near the bottom right corner of the "login box".
{% endhint %}

1. Download <mark style="color:blue;">BF2142\_Update\_1.51\_Full.exe</mark>.
2. Double-click to run it. It may take a while for it to start. Please be patient.
3. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
4. ​Click <mark style="color:blue;">More Info</mark> and then <mark style="color:blue;">Run Anyway</mark> if the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Windows Protected Your PC</mark> (Windows Defender SmartScreen) pops up.
5. Follow the wizard instructions to complete the installation.​ \[<mark style="color:red;">See Remarks</mark>]

**Step 5:** The patch installer will automatically locate the game folder for you even if you didn't install the game to the default path. That's because the game path has already become a variable in your system registry.

## Downloads

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Primary Sources" %}
**BF2142\_Update\_1.51\_Full.exe (ModDB, 2.3 GB)**

{% embed url="https://www.moddb.com/games/battlefield-2142/downloads/battlefield-2142-update-v151-full" %}
Source: ModDB.com \[Last Checked in May 2023]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Alternative Sources" %}
**BF2142\_Update\_1.51\_Full.exe (Google Drive, 2.3 GB)**

{% embed url="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OSwBI0QIZ3WTl1XwjsQwddrdoTk5Z0zX" %}
Source: GetBF2142.net \[Last Checked in May 2023]
{% endembed %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Patch Content

`v1.51` is the latest and final patch for Battlefield 2142. It adds the Northern Strike expansion for free, numerous bug fixes and four new maps: Strike at Karkand, Operation Blue Pearl, Yellow Knife, and Molokai.

### Features

* Added Operation Blue Pearl by Bjorn Sundell with special thanks to Jason Brice for lightmaps and finishing.
* Added Yellow Knife, Molokai and Strike at Karkand 2142 maps made by Jason Brice.
* Added support for the Novint Falcon controller.

### Fixes

* Added extra account security fixes.
* Added fix for Nvidia drivers to solve Tinnitus visual effect.
* Hit detection bug fix: Changed so that latency compensation history takes correct stored positions from the buffer.
* Updated as\_titan\_wake.tweak to allow for two attack choppers instead of the one previously allowed.
