---
description: >-
  This tutorial will guide you through all the necessary steps to configure the
  Remaster Launcher.
---

# ⑥ Configuring the Remaster Launcher

## Procedures

1. Right-click the <mark style="color:blue;">Remaster Launcher</mark> shortcut on your desktop. \
   Click <mark style="color:blue;">Properties</mark>. In the <mark style="color:blue;">Compatibility</mark> tab, enable <mark style="color:blue;">Run this program as an administrator</mark>. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Apply</mark> and then click <mark style="color:blue;">OK</mark>.
2. Double-click the <mark style="color:blue;">Remaster Launcher</mark> shortcut on your desktop to start the launcher.
3. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
4. Navigate to the <mark style="color:blue;">Play</mark> tab.
5. Disable the [<mark style="color:blue;">4GB Ram Patch</mark>](#user-content-fn-1)[^1] option under the <mark style="color:blue;">Launch-Settings</mark> section. \[Why?[^2]]
6. Navigate to the <mark style="color:blue;">Settings</mark> tab.
7. Enable[^3] options like <mark style="color:blue;">Unlock FPS (120HZ)</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">Widescreen Fix</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">HUD-Fix</mark>, <mark style="color:blue;">Blood Patch</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">Reshade</mark> under the <mark style="color:blue;">General</mark> section. Do <mark style="color:red;">**NOT**</mark> touch the resolution settings yet!
8. Navigate to the <mark style="color:blue;">Help</mark> tab.
9. Check whether the debug message appears as follows:\
   <mark style="color:green;">Game version: v1.51 OK!</mark>\
   <mark style="color:red;">bf2142.exe: Not v1.51 or cracked.</mark>\ <mark style="color:red;">bf2142\_4gb.exe: Missing! Patch first.</mark>\
   Profile: (anything is fine)\
   <mark style="color:red;">RendDX9.dll: Wrong file version!</mark>\
   <mark style="color:green;">RendDX9\_ori.dll: OK!</mark>
10. Navigate to the <mark style="color:blue;">Play</mark> tab.&#x20;
11. Click the button <mark style="color:blue;">Start Game!</mark> to start the game for the first time.
12. Once the login screen appears, click the <mark style="color:blue;">x</mark> button in the upper right-hand corner to close the game. \[Why?[^4]]
13. Repeat Step 2 - 3.
14. Navigate to the <mark style="color:blue;">Help</mark> tab.
15. Check whether the bug message contains the following line:\
    <mark style="color:yellow;">Profile: Found, delete if stuck with a black screen.</mark>
16. Navigate to the <mark style="color:blue;">Settings</mark> tab.
17. Configure the <mark style="color:blue;">Resolution</mark> from the drop-down menu under the <mark style="color:blue;">General</mark> section. \[Why?[^5]]
18. Close the launcher.

## Remarks

1. If you want to play an unmodded game or to join an unmodded server, e.g., Reclamation servers, simply **uncheck** everything under the <mark style="color:blue;">Launch-Settings</mark> section of the <mark style="color:blue;">Play</mark> tab and under the <mark style="color:blue;">General</mark> section of the <mark style="color:blue;">Settings</mark> tab before launching the game. \[Why?[^6]]
2. [<mark style="color:blue;">Vanilla weapons</mark>](#user-content-fn-7)[^7] is a mini-mod of Project Remaster. You may enable this option if you want to play a Project Remaster game with weapons or gadgets having their vanilla stats (damage, recoil, rate of fire, amount of ammo, etc.).
3. The <mark style="color:blue;">Play Offline</mark> tab is a portal to launch the [<mark style="color:blue;">Offline Singleplayer</mark>](#user-content-fn-8)[^8] mini-mod. It is a derivative of the main mod that bypasses[^9] the master server while having the customisation feature disabled.
4. You can configure the Reshade overlay in-game using the shortcut <mark style="color:blue;">Shift+F2</mark>. You may have to turn off the LUT in [some of the maps](#user-content-fn-10)[^10] if the overlay is glitching the graphics.
5. Whenever you run into a game issue, such as a game crash or a graphics glitch, the troubleshooting and diagnosis tools provided under the <mark style="color:blue;">Help</mark> tab may offer you assistance. The offline [manual](further-readings.md) that comes with the launcher may also give your some insights on how to get things fixed.

[^1]: Battlefield 2142 is a 32-bit game so it can at most utilise 4GB of RAM. But better than not, the 4GB RAM Patch avoids the game from crashing from time to time due to memory overthrow.

[^2]: We have to disable this option because the OpenSpy patch from BF2142 Hub already integrates that fix by default.

[^3]: These options are optional, but you are encouraged to enable them.

[^4]: We take this enter-and-exit step to force the game to create the default profiles in your Documents folder at <mark style="color:blue;">C:\Users\xxxx\Documents\Battlefield 2142\\</mark>. It may take a while for the game to start so you should expect a few seconds of black screen before the intro comes up. If you're running the game in full-screen mode, you will probably see your black screen blinking or resizing for a few seconds before something shows up. That's normal and you will get used to it someday.

[^5]: The resolution here only applies to the screen before a successful login. We will configure the "logged-in" resolution after creating accounts.

[^6]: If you do not uncheck these options, your game is considered modded. You may not be able to join the server, or you may get randomly kicked in the middle of a game by Punkbuster the AntiCheat.

[^7]: [Project\_Remaster\_v14\_vanilla\_weapons](3.-installing-project-remaster.md#more-about-mods)

[^8]: [Project\_Remaster\_v14\_offline](3.-installing-project-remaster.md#more-about-mods)

[^9]: The mod emulates the scenario when your computer loses connection to the internet. It makes use of an offline profile to pass through the login screen.

[^10]: The reshade overlay has an known graphics glitch issue on Suez Canal.
