---
description: >-
  This tutorial will guide you through the steps to create an account and
  configure important in-game settings.
---

# 7. Creating Accounts

## Registration

{% hint style="danger" %}
Windows Firewall may pop up if that's your first time passing through the login page.
{% endhint %}

1. Double-click the <mark style="color:blue;">Remaster Launcher</mark> shortcut on your desktop to start the launcher.
2. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
3. On the <mark style="color:blue;">Play</mark> tab, click the <mark style="color:blue;">Start Game!</mark> button.
4. On the login screen, click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE NEW ACCOUNT</mark>. \[<mark style="color:red;">See Step 4 Info</mark>]
5. Ignore the warning message <mark style="color:blue;">EA MASTER SERVER IS DOWN. PLEASE USE BF2142UNLOCKER</mark> if you see it.
6. Click <mark style="color:blue;">ACCEPT TERMS</mark>.
7. Fill in the registration form with fake data. But please do remember your <mark style="color:blue;">Account Name</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">Password</mark>. \[<mark style="color:red;">See Step 7 Info</mark>]
8. Click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark>.
9. Click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE NEW SOLDIER</mark>. Type in the <mark style="color:blue;">Soldier Name</mark> (i.e., In-Game Name) that you want and click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE NEW SOLDER</mark>.
10. You may notice some changes to the game resolution. \[<mark style="color:red;">See Step 10 Info</mark>]
11. To fix this, go to <mark style="color:blue;">OPTIONS</mark>, and then <mark style="color:blue;">VIDEO</mark> to configure the video settings. Change the resolution first before touching the video quality settings. \[<mark style="color:red;">See Step 11 Info</mark>]
12. Set <mark style="color:blue;">ANTI-ALIASING</mark> to <mark style="color:blue;">Off</mark> to avoid problems.
13. Don't forget to adjust the <mark style="color:blue;">AUDIO</mark> settings as well!​
14. Congratulations! You have completed all the necessary steps to get Battlefield 2142 working! Now you may close the game to make the video settings applied.

**Step 4:** It takes time for the server to process your requests because most Master Servers are located somewhere in Europe or America. The master server is not down if you can receive a response from it within 10 seconds.

**Step 7:** You're strongly advised to use fake data, such as a random email, date of birth and country. Most master servers save your account data in plaintext. That's why don’t use passwords that you use anywhere else! The same goes for your email address.&#x20;

{% hint style="warning" %}
Recommended Password: `12344321`\
Recommended email: `a.com@xxx.com`
{% endhint %}

**Step 10:** You see the resolution glitch because you've created a new OpenSpy account and a soldier that associates with it, so the game creates a new set of profiles for you which only includes the default resolution settings.&#x20;

**Step 11:** You're highly advised to use the same resolution you've selected in the launcher. In that way, you won't experience this kind of resolution glitches anymore after logging in.

## Logging in

1. Double-click the <mark style="color:blue;">Remaster Launcher</mark> shortcut on your desktop to start the launcher.
2. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Yes</mark> when the dialogue <mark style="color:blue;">Do you want to allow this app from an unknown publisher to make changes to your device?</mark> pops up.
3. On the <mark style="color:blue;">Play</mark> tab, click the <mark style="color:blue;">Start Game!</mark> button.
4. On the login screen, type in your OpenSpy <mark style="color:blue;">Account Name</mark> and <mark style="color:blue;">Password</mark>. Check the option <mark style="color:blue;">REMEMBER ME</mark> and click <mark style="color:blue;">LOGIN</mark>.
5. Double-click on the <mark style="color:blue;">Soldier Name</mark> that you want to use.
6. Explore the game!
