---
description: This tutorial is presented to you by getbf2142.net.
---

# ⑧ Playing a singleplayer game

In this tutorial, we will walk you through three different ways to play a singleplayer game.

## Setting up a quick game in "SINGLEPLAY"&#x20;

This option doesn't give you many configurable settings and is therefore a limited experience! You cannot adjust options like ticket ratio, team ratio, round time, friendly fire, spawn time, etc.

However, when OpenSpy components are installed, the customization screen will be working and all unlockable equipment will be available for use.

1. Log in to the game.
2. Click <mark style="color:blue;">SINGLEPLAY</mark>.
3. Configure your game and click <mark style="color:blue;">START PLAYLIST</mark>.

## **Setting up a LAN server in "MULTIPLAY"**

This option allows you to edit much more game settings! You can adjust options like ticket ratio, team ratio, round time, friendly fire, spawn time, etc.&#x20;

In addition, when OpenSpy components are installed, the customization screen will be working and all unlockable equipment will be available for use.

1. ​Log in to the game.
2. ​Click <mark style="color:blue;">MULTIPLAY</mark>.
3. Click <mark style="color:blue;">LOCAL</mark>.
4. Click <mark style="color:blue;">CREATE</mark>.
5. Configure your game and click <mark style="color:blue;">START SERVER</mark>.

## Launching the Offline Mini-Mod

​With this option, you enter the game without connecting to a master server or an internet connection, hence the name "offline".&#x20;

The customization screen will not work, but you can still get some unlocks from the pre-defined soldier load-outs and kit load-outs. Loot fallen bots' dead bodies to get different primary rifles.&#x20;

Anyway, you should only consider this option when all master servers are down.

1. Start the launcher.
2. Go to <mark style="color:blue;">Play Offline</mark> tab. Click <mark style="color:blue;">Play offline</mark>.
3. On the login screen, click <mark style="color:blue;">LOGIN</mark> [without typing in your password](#user-content-fn-1)[^1].
4. Follow the steps in Option 1 or Option 2.

## Remarks

1. Use the launcher to configure the number of bots. Set it to an odd number so that the team can be balanced.
2. The customization screen is only available for [option 1](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-quick-game-in-singleplay) and [2](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-lan-server-in-multiplay) with OpenSpy. It will not work in [option 3](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#launching-the-offline-mini-mod).
3. Windows Firewall may pop up if it's your first time [hosting a LAN server](8.-playing-singleplayer.md#setting-up-a-lan-server-in-multiplay).

[^1]: If this doesn't work, ​change the account name to <mark style="color:blue;">singleplayer</mark> and press <mark style="color:blue;">LOGIN</mark>. Leave the password empty.
